Good morning, everyone~ Today we will read Childhood and Youth (P21-30).   
1. How did Su Dongpo’s father’s emphasis on a “concise and clear” writing style influence Su Dongpo?  
2. What significance did the invention of printing hold during Su Dongpo’s time?

11.3 P21-30
In Chapter 3, the author talks about Su Dongpo's life before Imperial Examination - his school, his family, meaning of his name and narratives how Su dealt with an storm in is family
1. Su Dongpo's father guided his two sons in the direction of purity of style against the precious ornate manner prevalent at that time. Such style not only helped Su gain appriciation in the examination, but also becomes a solid foundation in Su's literature life.
2. Invention of priting maks copying a book word by word not necessary any more.

---

Good morning, everyone！ Today we will read THE THE EXAMINATIONS (P31-39).  
  
How did Ouyang Shiu evaluate Su Tungpo？What impact did the Confucian mourning customs have on the lives of Su Tungpo and his father?

11.4 P31-39
Chapter 4 is mainly about how Su and his family went the captal and participate in the Imperial Examination and return home for his mother's death. 
1. Ouyang Xun higly praised Su Tongpo's works - "My old person must give place to this young man and let him rise to the top."
2. For Confucian mourning customs, Su Dongpo and his brother has to stay at home for 27 months before his official career. But that days coincidentally became best days in Su Dongpo's life.

---

Good afternoon, everyone！ Today will read FATHER AND SONS (P40-49). How did the journey to the capital impact Su Tungpo’s life and creative work? What philosophical emotions are reflected in Su Tungpo’s poetry when faced with the grandeur and peril of the gorges?

11.5 P40-49
In Chapter 5, Su Tongpo and his family were finally ready to the capital and they have to pass a long junrney. On the road they went through magnificent sceneries and wroute some of the best articals in their lives.

1. On the road he wa shocked with great scenes and customs all around the world, which became perfect nourishment of his articals.
2. Faced with grandeur and peril of the gorges, Su Tongpo began to think about life, freedom and spirits.

---
